docs/posts/must-have-browser-extensions.md, before:

---
template: post.html
title: "Must have browser extensions"
date: 2023-04-11
authors:
  - Zhymabek Roman
tags: browser chromium firefox extensions must-have essential
hide: [toc]
---

My must have browser extensions

<!--more-->

1. uBlock Origin - An efficient blocker.
2. Bitwarden - FOS password manager.
3. Tampermonkey - userscript manager. My userscripts list: [Spotify Web - Copy track info to clipboard](https://greasyfork.org/scripts/36788-spotify-web-copy-track-info-to-clipboard/code/Spotify%20Web%20-%20Copy%20track%20info%20to%20clipboard.user.js) and [RU AdList JS Fixes](https://greasyfork.org/scripts/19993-ru-adlist-js-fixes/code/RU%20AdList%20JS%20Fixes.user.js)
4. [SmartProxy](https://github.com/salarcode/SmartProxy) - best (I have ever seen) proxy manager. I use it with local WARP-cli
5. SingleFile - extension that helps to save a complete page as a single file with all page assets.
6. Refined GitHub - extension that enhances the user interface and functionality of GitHub.
7. [Bypass Paywalls Clean](https://gitlab.com/magnolia1234/bypass-paywalls-chrome-clean/) - access to online publishing platforms without paying for a subscription or a membership.
8. [Bing Chat for All Browsers](https://github.com/anaclumos/bing-chat-for-all-browsers) - enables Bing AI in Edge rather browsers.
9. Decentraleyes - Local emulation of Content Delivery Networks. Enhances your online privacy.
10. Tabliss - A beautiful, customisable New Tab page.
11. ClearURLs - Remove tracking elements from URLs.
12. [Picture-in-Picture Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/picture-in-picture-extens/hkgfoiooedgoejojocmhlaklaeopbecg) - just use it:)

Commit message:

POSTS: update my must have lists

docs/posts/must-have-browser-extensions.md, after:

---
template: post.html
title: "Must have browser extensions"
date: 2023-04-11
authors:
  - Zhymabek Roman
tags: browser chromium firefox extensions must-have essential
hide: [toc]
---

My must have browser extensions

<!--more-->

1. uBlock Origin - An efficient blocker.
2. Bitwarden - FOS password manager.
3. Violentmonkey - userscript manager. My userscripts list: [Spotify Web - Copy track info to clipboard](https://greasyfork.org/scripts/36788-spotify-web-copy-track-info-to-clipboard/code/Spotify%20Web%20-%20Copy%20track%20info%20to%20clipboard.user.js) and [RU AdList JS Fixes - fixes ads on Russian based sites](https://greasyfork.org/scripts/19993-ru-adlist-js-fixes/code/RU%20AdList%20JS%20Fixes.user.js) and [Freedium - access to Medium without paying for a subscription or a membership. My personal project](https://gist.github.com/mathix420/e0604ab0e916622972372711d2829555)
4. [SmartProxy](https://github.com/salarcode/SmartProxy) - convenient proxy manager. I use it with local WARP-cli
5. SingleFile - extension that helps to save a complete page as a single file with all page assets.
6. Refined GitHub - extension that enhances the user interface and functionality of GitHub.
7. Raindrop.io - rock with our bookmarks!
8. [Bing Chat for All Browsers](https://github.com/anaclumos/bing-chat-for-all-browsers) - enables Bing AI in Edge rather browsers.
9. Decentraleyes - Local emulation of Content Delivery Networks. Enhances your online privacy.
10. Tabliss - A beautiful, customisable New Tab page.
11. [Picture-in-Picture Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/picture-in-picture-extens/hkgfoiooedgoejojocmhlaklaeopbecg) - just use it:)
12. ModHeader - change your requests header with few clicks. I use it to spoof my IP by passing `X-Forwarded-For` header, useful for Bing AI, that geo-restricted.
13. LanguageTool - your personal spellchecker.
